Update documentation on extends (#2362)
executablebooks/mystmd: docs/table-of-contents.md

Jupyter Book v2 uses the MyST engine, but Jupyter Book v1 uses a different configuration structure that is designed for Sphinx. However, you can currently use a Jupyter Book v1 Table of Contents file (`_toc.yml`) with MyST.The documentation for this format is fully described in [Jupyter Book](https://jupyterbook.org/en/stable/structure/toc.html).
::::

## Using extend for a long ToC

> In some cases the ToC becomes very long, where it would be more convenient to create a separate ToC file. This can be done using [extends](#composing-myst-yml). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your Table of Contents is very long, it can make your `myst.yml` difficult to read and maintain. You can use [`extends:` functionality](#composing-myst-yml) to store the ToC structure in a separate file, allowing you to re-use it in a modular way. 
```
